I have released "alpha" versions for you to test of guiguts-0.3.0 and Winguts-0.3.0. Thanks to Katt83 for earlier contributions. Please test these thoroughly before this is made known to the broader community (I have pp'ed a book with no problem.). I went ahead and posted this to the main guiguts page at [[sourceforge|http://sourceforge.net/projects/guiguts/]] after reading all the problems people were having just getting Perl installed. Upgrading to this version requires a complete reinstall not just replacing guiguts.pl for many reasons (code has been cut into smaller chunks, tools are added, etc) so save your header.txt and setting.rc files (which should in theory not be overwritten).

This is a major version which will become 1.0 once the bugs are ironed out (see the discussion [url=http://www.pgdp.net/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=48584]here[/url]). Relative to version 0.2.10 there are several major new features. First, all the HTML checks can be run with a single click, and the output is clickable in most cases. Second, HTML and CSS validation can now be done on your own computer (and PGTEI as well) and there are checks for unused CSS and image issues (using rfrank's pphtml, ppimage, and pptxt scripts). Third, there is now an option to view text and images side-by-side without having to click on "See Image" for each page. For instance you move forward or back one page for both text and image with the "<" and ">" buttons on the status bar. Also, the Auto Show Images option let's you see the image for instance for the page you are spellchecking. (See tips on viewer configuration below.) Fourth, with Winguts there is no need to install Perl on Windows computers (for other platforms see below).

Other new features are: a "View in Browser" and Hyperlink page numbers buttons on the HTML palette, tearoff of the Unicode menu, listing small caps in the Word Frequency popup, automatic checking for updates (which can be turned off), horizontal rules as css, if nothing is found the cursor returns to the starting point, better ability to find executables automatically, GutWrench scanno files are included, inclusion of rfrank's pphtml and pptxt scripts, a warning to use human readable filenames, option to include goodwords in spellcheck project dictionary, a text processing menu to ease conversion of bold/italics/small caps, the label Image #nnn in Configure Page Labels is clickable, added Find Transliterations and Find Orphaned Markup (before it only searched for unmatched brackets) to Search menu, Adjust Page Markers menu is accessible from the File menu. For developers, there are internal improvements, including refactoring of functionality into perl modules and a unit testing framework.

Bug fixes already included: less mangling of HTML page numbers (for instance [Pg 42-44] instead of three overlapping page numbers), superscripts are converted to HTML correctly (Philad^a) without curly brackets, fixed regex editor for scannos, Ctrl-S saves the file. 

The side by side image viewing works best if the window for the viewer is sized to match the image (in XnView, choose View, Auto Image Size, Fit Image to Window) and only one instance of the viewer is allowed to avoid having one instance for every page viewed (in XnView, choose Tools, Options, General, Only One Instance). To page through images, use the "<" and ">" buttons on the status bar. To Auto Show Page Images, use the "Auto Img" button on the status bar, use the option on the Prefs menu, or checkboxes in the various search/spellcheck dialogs.

I would be happy to release Mac and Unix executables which only requires someone to run tkpp following the instructions in COMPILING.txt. A Mac or Unix distribution should also include the OpenJade/OpenSP onsgmls executable for HTML/PGTEI validation.

