The following bugs/feature requests have not yet been addressed:

Deleting letters of page markers permitted. 
The "Orphaned Markup" check should quit complaining about nested spans. 
There is no check for a footnote anchor without a footnote. 
Fix spell check popup. Acts weird with unicode.
Using Move up I could move Page 3 up before 
Page 2, but then I couldn't move it back down.
Ligature check does not find œ. 
Prep text export has page separators
Allow validation of HTML 1.1 strict
I'd like the regex functionality to be the same in "Search & Replace" 
and in "Highlight" (and maybe there are more places I'm not aware of), 
and of course I'd like to be able to highlight text that extends across
multiple lines.
When executing Gutcheck and then selecting GC View Options, you cannot 
close the Gutcheck window without first closing the View Options.
The "Check All" window can not be scrolled unless clicking on the title 
bar.  Clicking within the window does nothing, and the main GuiGuts window 
is scrolled (scroll bar works OK). I am talking about using the mouse roller 
or up/down arrow keys to scroll.

Default path to Gutcheck not set (Mac). Space character in path to Gutcheck breaks it.
Gutcheck View Options window too small when first invoke. Use of uninitialized value $start in subtraction 
Gutcheck view options not intuitive. Design of checkboxes not intuitive 
 
Double check page markers go at top of paragraph at the start of a page not bottom of previous paragraph

No empty HTML anchors

New feature requests: Export to text with page markers.
Enhanced scannos filesto convert [oe] to ligature, [=a] to &#257. 
Add feature for drop caps (would need new CSS and changes to the
insert image dialog). Adjust the pptxt check to confirm that all returns
are CRLF and not just LF. Allow highlight and copy from error check windows. 
New tool to help in removing hyphens (for instance, how often does a given
word appear with or without hyphens). Better Index/contents/illustration
list recognizer. Convert ellipsis to real ellip or
&#8230;. Add files to W3C to allow use of HTML11 DTD.

Single source formats: RST, PGTEI, EPPG

Under the hood changes: Break up code into smaller modules with clear 
functionality and unit tests. Get debugger to make it through a file 
open (double delegation to subsubwidget LineNumberText/TextUnicode
seems to be the problem).