The following bugs/feature requests have not yet been addressed:


Keyboard shortcuts for setting bookmarks: ctrl+shift+2 and ctrl+shift+4 don't work for me; 1, 3, and 5 do. 
With 2 or 4 it simply prints the character that I usually get with shift (" and €, Danish keyboard), 
so it seems to be ignoring the ctrl in these two cases. 

Go to bookmark: I can see the cursor disappear from its previous position when I Go to a bookmark, but the "screen view" doesn't update until I press some other key, then the screen jumps to where the cursor is (i.e. the actual location of the bookmark). (Ctrl-z and ctrl-y sometimes have the same problem, they'll do what they should, but the action happens off screen, and doesn't jump to the right position.) 

Go to page number/Go to page label: after typing a page number in the dialog, pressing enter on the numeric section of the keyboard doesn't take me anywhere, only the "regular" enter button works. 


Deleting letters of page markers permitted. Handle page numbers
other than 001.png such as f001.png (front pages), p (text pages),
and q (other pages).
Backslashes in Word count cannot be searched.
The "Orphaned Markup" check should quit complaining about nested spans. 
There is no check for a footnote anchor without a footnote. 
Fix spell check popup. Acts weird with unicode.
Using Move up I could move Page 3 up before 
Page 2, but then I couldn't move it back down. 

New feature requests: Selective html generation. Enhanced scannos files
to convert [oe] to ligature, [=a] to &#257. Add feature for drop caps
(would need new CSS and changes to the insert image dialog). Adjust the 
pptxt check to confirm that all returns are CRLF
and not just LF. Allow highlight and copy from error check windows. New
tool to help in removing hyphens (for instance, how often does a given
word appear with or without hyphens). Better Index/contents/illustration
list recognizer. Convert ellipsis to real ellip or
&#8230;. File export and import that maintains information in the .bin
file. Remove DOS Window and send errors to an error log file. Do
not show multiple page numbers at a single location (or give options).

Single source formats: RST, PGTEI, EPPG

Under the hood changes: Break up code into smaller modules with clear 
functionality and unit tests. Get winguts.exe to run all tests. Get
debugger to make it through a file open (double delegation to subsubwidget
is a problem).